Hello,

Some of the issues we previously identified still need your attention.

If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.


Review Environment

Submission ID: bc23b7e2-6506-4bd4-b96d-bf2896ffb4dd
Review date: November 21, 2025
Version reviewed: 1.0


Guideline 2.1 - Performance

Issue Description

The app crashed during review. Apps that crash negatively impact users. 

Steps leading to crash:

- Logged into the app 
- Tapped on the profile icon 
- Tapped on the camera icon
- Tapped on "Take Photo"
- The app crashed

Review device details:

- Device type: iPhone 13 mini and iPad Air (5th generation) 
- OS version: iOS 26.1 and iPadOS 26.1

Next Steps

Test the app on supported devices to identify crashes and stability issues before resubmitting for review. Crash logs have been attached to help resolve this issue:

1. Fully symbolicate the crash report. See Adding Identifiable Symbol Names to a Crash Report.
2. Match the crash report to a common pattern. Based on the pattern, take specific actions to further investigate the crash. See Identifying the Cause of Common Crashes.
3. Once the root causes of the crash have been identified, make the appropriate changes to the binary to resolve the issue.
4. Test the app on a device to ensure that it runs as expected.

Resources

- For more information on crash reports, see Diagnosing Issues Using Crash Reports and Device Logs.
- For information about testing apps and preparing them for review, see Testing a Release Build.
- To learn about troubleshooting networking issues, see Networking Overview.



Guideline 1.5 - Safety

Issue Description

The Support URL provided in App Store Connect, https://quote-it.co/support, is currently not functional and/or displays an error. 

Next Steps

Update the specified Support URL to direct users to a functional webpage with support information.

Resources

Learn about Support URLs and other platform version information on App Store Connect Help.
